Add information about bug with JupyterHub 3+ (#290)
jupyterhub/batchspawner: README.md

## Installation

> **⚠ NOTE**
>

> > If you are using JupyterHub 3+ then you currently must install using the `pip install -e` method, due to a bug that [will be fixed](https://github.com/jupyterhub/batchspawner/issues/277) in the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are using JupyterHub 3+ then you currently must install from the main branch, for example by `pip install https://github.com/jupyterhub/batchspawner/archive/main.zip`, due to a [bug that is resolved but not yet released](https://github.com/jupyterhub/batchspawner/issues/277).
```
